Walk slowly, don't send me away. What's going on?
They’re all the same as doubles shoes, right? You’re giving Liu Jian 3 billion for nothing.
Can you be happy? Don't look at your sad face.
Take this box, Liu Jian’s good life,
That's when he fell over. Brother, why are you so optimistic?
This information is written lightly everywhere,
This is bullshit. The appetite here is simply not enough to compete with Liu Jian.
This time we are finally here,
In this dream, a private company suddenly sold a large number of parcels underground.
It must have been negotiated with Liu Hao.
Expected us to go buy the original box, a piece of crap.
Take away our thirty-one words of gold
Liu Jian, the soon-to-be father and sister
Didn't you understand what we said?
It's really smart to prepare for smart things.
Why don't I take you to see it in person?
We don't allow outsiders to build
Zhang Hao has already sold the mine to us.
Then give us the salary you signed for us before.
Add up all the workers on the frame in the year
Even the workers’ wages are money
So to what extent has this frame been posted now?
Opened a new box today